README.md, before:

# Delani Studio
## Project Description
The project is basically a webpage that showcases different projects that delani studio has done so far and their social accounts where one can find and interact with their other projects.

## Authors
* Brian23-eng
* I am a prep student from Moringa school undertaking web and software designing.

## BDD

 |   Area         |     Action                     |
| --------------: | :-----------------------------: |
|  |  |
|The mouse        | On click it takes you to the services section which fades in and out.
|What we do section| On clicking the images, the image   slide toggles releasing the paragraphs then toggles back on clicking the paragraphs.
|The social icon| when you click each icon they take you to the respective social media they represent.
|The form | It alerts the user if they leave a section blank and alerts them on recieving their messages.
|

## Technologies used
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScripts
* JQuery
* Markdown
* Terminal

## Instalation requirements/Setup
1. Download or clone a zip file of the project
2. Extract the files
3. Open index.html

## Link to live site

## Support and contact details
For any questions,concerns or collaboration ,please feel free to contact me through my email address: b.odhiambo.bo@gmail.com

## License info
MIT License

Copyright (c) Delani studio

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

information about the texts on images in the portfolio section when hovered over in the readme.md section

README.md, after:

# Delani Studio
## Project Description
The project is basically a webpage that showcases different projects that delani studio has done so far and their social accounts where one can find and interact with their other projects.

## Authors
* Brian23-eng
* I am a prep student from Moringa school undertaking web and software designing.

## BDD

 |   Area         |     Action                     |
| --------------: | :-----------------------------: |
|  |  |
|The mouse        | On click it takes you to the services section which fades in and out.
|What we do section| On clicking the images, the image   slide toggles releasing the paragraphs then toggles back on clicking the paragraphs.
|The social icon| when you click each icon they take you to the respective social media they represent.
|The form | It alerts the user if they leave a section blank and alerts them on recieving their messages.
|Portfolio | The images show description paragraph when the  cusor is hovered over them revealing the text and then the text fades out slowly

## Technologies used
* HTML
* CSS
* JavaScripts
* JQuery
* Markdown
* Terminal

## Instalation requirements/Setup
1. Download or clone a zip file of the project
2. Extract the files
3. Open index.html

## Link to live site

## Support and contact details
For any questions,concerns or collaboration ,please feel free to contact me through my email address: b.odhiambo.bo@gmail.com

## License info
MIT License

Copyright (c) Delani studio

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
